---
id: 02f64cdd-65f4-4a20-8f83-91abc21a205e
blueprint: article
title: 'The Sunday Currently, Volume 7'
category:
  - the-sunday-currently
tag:
  - holiday
  - inspiration
  - new-year
  - the-everyday
author: ce84ffbc-2478-4e40-a371-7078e48214ab
---
<p>Today is a sick day in the Abernathy house. The majority of us in the house have bad colds, so we are taking it easy this morning. We drove from Waco to Aledo yesterday to spend time with Daniel&#8217;s family, and despite being sick, we had a great time last night playing games, enjoying spaghetti with garlic bread, exchanging gifts, and watching Four Christmases.</p>
<h2><b><em>Currently&#8230;</em> </b></h2>
<p><em>Reading</em>  <a href="http://www.amazon.com/The-100-Startup-Reinvent-Living/dp/0307951529/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1388335458&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=%24100+startup" target="_blank">The $100 Startup</a>. I finally finished Beautiful Ruins and liked it, so I&#8217;m picking The $100 Startup back up and will hopefully finish it soon. Although I really am more in the mood for fun fiction right now.</p>
<p><em>Writing  </em>ideas for New Year&#8217;s Resolutions. I&#8217;m having trouble being inspired this year&#8230;. Does anyone know of any tools/articles/blog posts/books that help inspire setting goals for the New Year? I&#8217;m usually very excited and very inspired this time of year, so I&#8217;m not sure what&#8217;s wrong this time around.</p>
<p><em>Listening  </em>to nothing. I&#8217;m writing this post in bed and plan to fall back asleep for a little bit after.</p>
<p><em>Thinking  </em>that I hope everyone gets well in this house soon!</p>
<p><em>Smelling</em>  the Tussin that I just took. Yuck.</p>
<p><em>Wishing </em> that I had ordered my new planner sooner so that I could be using it to plan things for the New Year!</p>
<p><em>Hoping  </em>to be better in time to have dinner with my lovely friend Shannon and her new fiance tonight! We have plans to enjoy some yummy tex mex together and to catch up on life. It&#8217;s been too long!</p>
<p><em>Wearing  </em>pajama pants and a cozy t-shirt</p>
<p><em>Loving </em> the time off from work</p>
<p><em>Wanting </em> my snuggly kitty here with me in Texas (same as last week! I miss <a title="Lazy Days with Banana // 02" href="http://everydayaccountsblog.com/2013/12/17/lazy-days-with-banana-02/" target="_blank">Banana</a>!)</p>
<p><em>Needing </em> to move and eat something soon</p>
<p><em>Feeling</em>  happy to be in the great state of Texas!</p>
<p><em>Clicking </em> nothing. I&#8217;m going back to sleep.<a href="https://twitter.com/siddathornton"><br />
</a></p>
<p><em>This post is for the blog link up on <a href="http://siddathornton.blogspot.com/" target="_blank">siddathornton</a>. Share yours and link it up!</em></p>
