---
id: 84427ac7-e484-4714-8201-275a8afe508a
blueprint: article
title: 'The Sunday Currently, Volume 41'
categories:
  - the-sunday-currently
tags:
  - brunch
  - ed-sheeran
  - stress
  - the-everyday
  - weekend
  - work
author: ce84ffbc-2478-4e40-a371-7078e48214ab
---
<p>Happy Sunday!  I&#8217;m taking a break from work to write a quick weekend recap. I missed posting a <a href="http://www.everydayaccountsblog.com/category/scenes-from-the-week/" target="_blank">Scenes From the Week</a> post again last Friday. I think I&#8217;m going to pick that series back up the week after next when I&#8217;m past my work deadline and actually have fun things to write about with pictures to share.</p>
<p>Friday I worked late. Daniel is out of town, so I stopped and grabbed some Cafe Rio on the way home for dinner. Saturday I woke up early to get as much work done as I could before I left to go to the Ed Sheeran concert with some friends. The concert was so great and just what I needed to forget about work. Right before the concert started, a huge storm came through and soaked the ground. Since we had lawn tickets, the area where we would have put our blankets was too muddy, so we just embraced the rain, mud, and chance to stand and dance the whole time! It was so fun. Because of the weather, I didn&#8217;t bring my phone into the concert, so I have no pictures. I&#8217;m really sad about this &#8211; I love to document everything! The fun memories in my head will just have to do. This morning I worked and then went to brunch with friends and then came home to work some more for the rest of the day. For those of you that may be new here, no, I don&#8217;t always work this much &#8211; I&#8217;m a CPA, and we have a big deadline on September 15th. I&#8217;ll be back to normal life (and hopefully more interesting posts) soon enough!</p>
<p><b><em>Currently…</em> </b></p>
<p><em>Reading  </em> nothing except blogs anytime I have a free moment</p>
<p><em>Writing  </em>in my journal more</p>
<p><em>Listening  </em>to the Ed Sheeran Pandora station and the hum of my laundry going</p>
<p><em>Thinking  </em>that I&#8217;m so looking forward to a hot bath and face mask after I wrap up work tonight</p>
<p><em>Smelling </em> our Peach Cilantro candle again. It&#8217;s almost out, and then I get to break into our stock of true fall candles!</p>
<p><em>Hoping  </em>to get a good night of sleep tonight</p>
<p><em>Wearing  </em>shorts and a v-neck t-shirt</p>
<p><em>Loving  </em>that Daniel is on a plane heading home right now! I can&#8217;t wait to see him. 🙂</p>
<p><em>Wanting  </em>some popcorn to snack on</p>
<p><em>Needing </em> to drink more water tonight. I have had too much coffee and too little water today.</p>
<p><em>Feeling  </em>stressed but I know that the stress is unnecessary. I just need to say some prayers and stop focusing on myself.</p>
<p><em>Clicking  </em>a couple of favorite blogs today but not much else</p>
<p>Have a great week!</p>
<p>View the rest of my The Sunday Currently posts <a href="http://www.everydayaccountsblog.com/category/the-sunday-currently/" target="_blank">here</a>.</p>
<p><em>[Linking up with The Sunday Currently at <a href="http://www.kcsaling.com/" target="_blank">Challenge Accepted</a>]</em></p>
