---
id: 0745feca-219c-4952-8c34-62177f0ff583
blueprint: article
title: 'The Busy Days'
category:
  - everyday-life
tag:
  - blessed
  - busy
  - grateful
  - joy
  - little-things
author: ce84ffbc-2478-4e40-a371-7078e48214ab
---
<p>Work has been so busy. I know everyone loves to complain when they are busy, and I hate joining that crowd. But it has been exhausting.</p>
<p>The other day as I was stuck in traffic on my way to work, I began the &#8220;woe is me&#8221; conversation in my head while listing off the long list of things I had to complete by the end of the week. I was really feeling sorry for myself. Then, all of a sudden, I started thinking of the small little joys that fill even the longest and busiest days, and I was really surprised at how long the list was. And then I began to feel a little less sorry for myself and a little more grateful for all that God has given me. Today I thought I&#8217;d share my list of the little joys that are a part of nearly every one of my workdays.</p>
<p>Sitting on the couch every morning with a warm mug of coffee and a bowl of cereal while snuggling with <a href="http://everydayaccountsblog.com/category/lazy-days-with-banana/" target="_blank">Banana</a>, reading the Bible, and saying prayers&#8230;</p>
<p>Catching up on my favorite blogs&#8230;</p>
<p>Putting on my makeup&#8230;</p>
<p>Watching a favorite show or YouTube channel while getting ready&#8230;</p>
<p>Giving my husband a kiss goodbye as I head out the door&#8230;</p>
<p>Listening to the radio on my drive to work&#8230;</p>
<p>Catching a glimpse of our nation&#8217;s capital on my drive to work&#8230;</p>
<p>Saying good morning to my friends at work&#8230;</p>
<p>Enjoying lunch break. Some days I eat with friends and other days (well, lately, most days) I take a quick break to catch up on news and blogs. Both types of lunch breaks make me really happy&#8230;</p>
<p>Learning some new and interesting topics and information at work. Yes, even accounting has some interesting aspects to it&#8230;</p>
<p>Taking a coffee break. Sometimes this means running to Starbucks with a friend, and other times this means taking a walk over to the other side of the floor to pour a cup of office coffee&#8230;</p>
<p>Chatting with my husband on Gmail&#8230;</p>
<p>Listening to music while working&#8230;</p>
<p>That feeling of excitement as I throw on my coat and shut down my computer&#8230;  No matter what time it is&#8230;</p>
<p>Driving home from work and catching up with friends and family on the phone&#8230;</p>
<p>Seeing my husband when I get home&#8230;</p>
<p>Spending time with my husband on the couch, winding down with a show or with a conversation&#8230;</p>
<p>Lighting a candle&#8230;</p>
<p>Reading a few pages of a book before bed (some nights more than others)&#8230;</p>
<p>That feeling of relief when my head hits the pillow and I turn out the lights&#8230; Sleep is so good!</p>
<p>I am very, very blessed. I have no room to complain. I&#8217;m going to try to always think about these little joys in the everyday anytime I start to whine and complain to myself and especially to others.</p>
<p>What are the little joys in your every day?</p>
