---
id: 98e7117a-97ae-4f76-bdfd-0c820c64069c
blueprint: article
title: 'Hello Friends! + A Big Announcement'
category:
  - travel-other
tag:
  - backpacking
  - change
  - europe
  - travel
author: ce84ffbc-2478-4e40-a371-7078e48214ab
---
<p>Hello Friends!</p>
<p>It has been entirely too long since I&#8217;ve posted in this space. All I can say is my job caught up to me again with long hours, and we have been doing quite a bit of traveling. I believe that since I last posted, I went to Chicago for a work training, DC to visit friends, Waco to visit family and go to Baylor Homecoming, Germany/Austria to visit the Christmas markets, and Dallas/Fort Worth to visit family.</p>
<p>I&#8217;m not complaining at all about the travel because I love it, but it has been a year full of very long hours at the office, and while I&#8217;m grateful for the opportunities I&#8217;ve gotten at work, I am ready for a change. And, boy, is that change happening!</p>
<p>The day after Christmas, Daniel and I are hopping on a plane to London where we will spend a week with my family. After that week, we will begin a two and a half month backpacking trip around Western Europe! We are beyond thrilled for this opportunity. I&#8217;m really looking forward to sharing our journey along the way on the blog as well. I hope some of you are still out there to follow along!</p>
<p>Once we return from the big trip, I&#8217;ll be resuming work at my current company, but it will be on a reduced hours schedule.</p>
<p>That&#8217;s all I have to share right now! I hope to catch up on travel posts a little bit before the big journey begins, but we have lots of time planned with family this week, so no guarantees.</p>
<p>I wish everyone a very Merry Christmas!</p>
